README.md, before:

# Laravel Core Admin Panel built in laravel 9
A complete ready to use admin panel built in laravel with PSR coding starnadards and all coding best practices.

## Features

- Pre Integrated Admin Lte Tempalte
- Datatable With Server Side rendering
- Image Upload Functionality
- Readymade Interface and service class to use
- All classes are expandable to your need

### Step To Install

Follow each and every step to go seamless installation of admin panel

- Git Clone the project in your directory
- Go to that directory `cd laravel-core-admin`
- Install dependency `composer install`
- Install JS dependency `npm install && npm run dev`
- Copy ENV file `cp .env.example .env`
- Change Database Details inside `.env` file
- Perform `php artisan migrate`
- Perform `php artisan db:seed`
- Perform `php artisan key:generate`
- All Set ! Now run the server using `php artisan serve`

## Plugins

Laravel Core Admin is currently extended with the following plugins.
Instructions on how to use them in your own application are linked below.

| Plugin | README |
| ------ | ------ |
| Laravel AdminLTE | https://github.com/jeroennoten/Laravel-AdminLTE |
| Laravel Datatable | https://yajrabox.com/docs/laravel-datatables/10.0 |


## License

MIT

Commit message:

v1.3 (#2)
* Feature/enhancement (#1)

* add: database seeding data

* change: default pagination set to 15

* fix: updated sweetalert to v11

* cs fix

* add: dashboard informative panels

* add: dashboard charts

---------

Co-authored-by: Tarang Panchal <tarang.codexalters@gmail.com>

* updated readme

---------

Co-authored-by: Tarang Panchal <tarang.codexalters@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Laravel Core Admin Panel
A complete ready to use admin panel built in laravel with PSR coding starnadards and all coding best practices.


## Features

- Pre Integrated AdminLte Tempalte
- All listing comes with Datatable With Server Side rendering
- With PSR & Laravel Standards
- All classes are expandable to your need
- Contains readymade following modules
   - Users Module
   - Category with parent category concept
   - Website Banner Module
   - My Profile Module

### Prerequisites
What things you need to install this project and how to setup the project on local
- PHP `[8.0 or above]`
- Composer `[2.0 or above]`
- MySql `[mysqlnd 7.4.33 or above]`
- Node/NPM

### Step To Install

Follow each and every step to go seamless installation of admin panel

- Git Clone the project in your directory
- Go to that directory `cd laravel-core-admin`
- Install dependency `composer install`
- Install JS dependency `npm install && npm run dev`
- Copy ENV file `cp .env.example .env`
- Change Database Details inside `.env` file
- Perform `php artisan migrate`
- Perform `php artisan db:seed`
- Perform `php artisan key:generate`
- Perform `php artisan storage:link`
- All Set ! Now run the server using `php artisan serve`

### Plugins

Laravel Core Admin is currently extended with the following plugins.
Instructions on how to use them in your own application are linked below.

| Plugin | README |
| ------ | ------ |
| Laravel AdminLTE | https://github.com/jeroennoten/Laravel-AdminLTE |
| Laravel Datatable | https://yajrabox.com/docs/laravel-datatables/10.0 |


### Contribution
I love to welcome your contributions if you know Laravel / Vue.js & proper PHP Standards.

### Security Vulnerabilities
If you discover a security vulnerability within this app, please send an e-mail to Tarang Panchal via [tarang.webinfosolutions@gmail.com](mailto:tarang.webinfosolutions@gmail.com). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.


## License

F#ck the license & use it wherever you want. Just Remember the name 
"WEBSTER"
